### PyLAT

The PyLAT application is meant to extract and analyze data for "viscosities, self-diffusivities, ionic conductivities, molecule or ion pair lifetimes, dielectric constants, and radial distribution functions in an accurate and reproducible manner".

In testing the pylat platform is built using an older version of python(<3.0) which is causing conflicts with the currently running software. But wecan still learn from what pylat is doing to attain accurate reproducable measurements.

Our goals for pylat are to attain the dialectric constant and enthalpy from our simulation.

enthalpy can be computed using the lammps thermo_style command.

        thermo_style style args

the style command can be replaced with one, multi or custom. in this case custom will work. The computes used to calculate basic values such as temperature or enthalpy.

What pylat does is takes an average of ~100 simulations to reproduce accurate results which means our simulation would need to run x100 which may not be achievable. The paper further states that multiple simulations are required for accuracy and increasing the bounds of a single simulation does not correlate with increased accuracy.


### New compute style dialectric constant code

Since using the old pylat is seeming less and less likely we have found a way to solve one simulation for dialectric constant:

compute 11 h property/atom xu yu zu
compute 10 o property/atom xu yu zu
variable phi equal 0.14772952 #OMdistance/(OHlength*cos(HOHangle/2)*2)
variable dmx atom 0.6791*c_11[1]-1.3582*(c_10[1]*(1-2*v_phi)+c_11[1]*v_phi)
variable dmz atom 0.6791*c_11[2]-1.3582*(c_10[2]*(1-2*v_phi)+c_11[2]*v_phi)
variable dmy atom 0.6791*c_11[3]-1.3582*(c_10[3]*(1-2*v_phi)+c_11[3]*v_phi)
compute 12 all reduce sum v_dmx v_dmy v_dmz
variable dm2 equal c_12[1]^2+c_12[2]^2+c_12[3]^2
variable vvol equal vol
variable vrou equal density
fix fdm all ave/time 1 1 1 c_12[1] c_12[2] c_12[3] v_dm2 v_vvol v_vrou mode scalar ave running
variable dc equal 1+(f_fdm[4]-f_fdm[1]^2-f_fdm[2]^2-f_fdm[3]^2)*(1.6022e-19*1e-10)^2/3.0/f_fdm[5]/1e-30/1.38065e-23/298/8.85418e-12